Robert

medium

# A Loan's supplyPositionIndex Can Be Duplicated Through Re-entrancy

## Summary
The supplyPositionIndex on a loan is able to be the same for many different loans if you execute a re-entrancy on the initial asset lend back into borrow and open another loan. The loan number will differ for each, but they will all have the same supplyPositionIndex because it does not increment in storage until after the asset lend transaction occurs. This results in behavior and states that should not occur.

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Open a loan with you as lender and borrower and an ERC677 or even just random contract as the asset to lend. Collateral doesn't matter as long as you can take loans on multiple/many.
2. When the asset is transferred from lender to borrower, have a contract call back in and activate the borrow function again.
3. At this point supplyPositionIndex has been saved in the collateral asset, but it is not incremented in storage until after the transfer so it will be saved as the same index on every loan.
4. This can be repeated for as many loan saves as you'd like to throw the count off more and more.

## Impact
Medium impact because the contract should never be able to be put in this state and it will affect any frontend applications, but not high as I don't believe it will cause direct damage to users.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
        // transferring the borrowed funds from the lender to the borrower
        collatState.assetLent.checkedTransferFrom(signer, collatState.from, arg.amount);

        // issuing supply position NFT to the signer of the loan offer with metadatas
        safeMint(signer, Provision({amount: arg.amount, share: shareMatched, loanId: collatState.loanId}));
```
Is where the transferFrom occurs before the mint.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/BorrowLogic/BorrowHandlers.sol#L107 comments on the index not being incremented until later.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Only allow certain tokens to be used as lending assets, add a nonReentrant modifier onto borrow, and/or increment supplyPositionIndex differently.
