curiousapple

medium

# The derivation of all supply position IDs for a given loan from `supplyPositionIndex` and `nbOfOffers` can be manipulated.

## Summary
The derivation of all supply position IDs for a given loan from `supplyPositionIndex` and `nbOfOffers` can be manipulated.

## Vulnerability Detail
In their code, Kairos specifies that they plan to use the `supplyPositionIndex` and `nbOfPositions` variables to derive all supply positions of a given loan ID. 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/BorrowLogic/BorrowHandlers.sol#L200-L204

However, it is possible to break this variant by performing a separate borrow inside the callback of safeMint.

For example, suppose there is Loan 1 with several offers, and the variable firstSupplyPositionId is set to 100. 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/BorrowLogic/BorrowHandlers.sol#L108

As the contract executes the offers one by one, a user could reenter using the safeMint callback of one of the supply positions and perform a different borrow. 
This would cause all positions minted after that point to be associated with the new loan (Loan 2), rather than the original loan (Loan 1), thereby breaking the linear link that Kairos assumed.

The resulting supply position IDs might look something like this:

```solidity
Id100: Loan 1
Id101: Loan 2 (assuming Loan 2 had two offers only)
Id102: Loan 2
Id103: Loan 1
```
 
## Impact
While I have not found any instances where someone could take advantage of this variant, it is still problematic as it breaks the assumption that the Kairos team explicitly makes and has specific code to handle. It can potentially cause issues with the tracing of all supply positions for a given loan ID if the kairos team relies on their assumption.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/BorrowLogic/BorrowHandlers.sol#L200-L204

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
One potential solution is to remove the linear assumption and explicit tracking and instead track supply positions from the events themselves. This would eliminate the need to track supplyPositionIndex and nbOfPositions variables only.
Alternatively, consider using mint only instead of safeMint. 
