Englave

medium

# Signature Replay Attack on OfferArgs

## Summary
The `OfferArgs` structure contains a `signature` field, representing an `offer` without the inclusion of the `amount` value. This design choice introduces the potential for signature reuse and could lead to the unauthorized modification of critical parameters (changing `amount` without the need to regenerate `signature`). 

## Vulnerability Detail
Front-running is a form of market manipulation in which an attacker observes pending transactions and submits their own transaction with a higher gas price. This enables the attacker's transaction to be processed before the original transaction, effectively exploiting the knowledge of the pending transaction for their own gain. In the context of this contract, an attacker could potentially observe an `offer` and reuse the `signature`, modifying the `amount` value to benefit themselves unfairly.

To address this issue and enhance the contract's security, it is crucial to include the `amount` value in the `signature` generation process. By doing so, any modification to the `amount` parameter would result in an invalid signature, preventing unauthorized alterations and reducing the risk of front-running attacks. 

Affected code:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/Signature.sol#L41
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/BorrowLogic/BorrowCheckers.sol#L29

## Impact
In cases where a user sets an allowance that is either unlimited or significantly larger than the original deposit, a potential vulnerability arises. An attacker could exploit the overly permissive allowance to spend more tokens than the user intended, which could lead to a loss of funds and diminish trust in the platform.

Another vector of attack makes no sense from a financial perspective, but is still possible:
Let's consider that the allowance is limited (100 tokens), the owner sends a transaction for 100 tokens, but the attacker front-runs it and changes the value to 1 token. The owner sees failed transaction and feels confused. This operation could be repeated multiple times.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function testUseCollateralNominal_frontRunAmount() public returns (Loan memory loan) {
   Offer memory offer = getOffer();
   OfferArg[] memory offArgs = getOfferArgs(offer);
   NFToken memory nft = getNft();

   //After signature is create and added to queue in blockchain - attacker can front run this transaction by paying higher Gas price
   //Attacker uses old signature, but changes "amount" and execute transation on their behalf.
   offArgs[0] = OfferArg({signature : offArgs[0].signature, amount : offArgs[0].offer.loanToValue / 100, offer : offArgs[0].offer});

   vm.mockCall(
       address(money), 
       abi.encodeWithSelector(IERC20.transferFrom.selector, signer, BORROWER, offArgs[0].amount),
       abi.encode(true)
   );
   //Optional. Execute not as BORROWER
   vm.prank(OWNER);
   return this.useCollateralExternal(offArgs, BORROWER, nft);
}
```    

## Tool used
Manual Review, PoC.


## Recommendation
Include `amount` in `typeHashOffer` function, to make signature complete and prevent possibility to modify any parameters.
