zaevlad

medium

# Fee-on-transfer tokens can be stucked in the contract

## Summary

In contest dosc it says that protocol can use any ERC20 token. However some tokens that require fee on transfer can cause problems and be stucked in the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

Imagine the situation where a user wants to get 1000 tokens, like GBEX. I'll use rounded numbers as an expamle just to show the problem clear enough.

1. A user sends his NFT to the contract and get 1000 tokens loan straight from the owner. Now he will have to return 1000 tokens, but he will get less because of token transfer fee. Let's take 990 as an example.
2. After all he want to get his nft back, so he sends 1000 GBEX + interest (100, as an example) to Kairos contract. But contract will get less amount, same reason, because of the fees.
3. When the token owner will want to get his tokens back, he will request 1100 tokens as it was saved in the contract storage variable. However the real amount the contract has would be less than requested, so the transaction will revert. 

## Impact

Some users can have problems with getting back thier tokens. In some cases, token can be stucked in the contract because the real amount it has will be less the requested amount by user. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/BorrowLogic/BorrowHandlers.sol#L88
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/RepayFacet.sol#L57
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/ClaimFacet.sol#L105

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Do additional check on balances before and after the token transaction or prohibit to uses create offers with such tokens.