Dug

medium

# Missing check for minimum auction duration

## Summary

The protocol does not enforce a minimum auction duration, allowing for scenarios where lenders can be left with no reimbursement.

## Vulnerability Detail

In Kairos, there are multiple safeguards in place to reduce risk for lenders by ensuring that the initial auction price is above a certain threshold. These checks are even implemented at the admin level to prevent accidental miss-configurations. 

However, there is no check to ensure that the auction duration is not set to a very low value. This allows for scenarios where lenders can be left with no reimbursement.

```solidity
function setAuctionDuration(uint256 newAuctionDuration) external onlyOwner {
    protocolStorage().auction.duration = newAuctionDuration;
    emit NewAuctionDuration(newAuctionDuration);
}
```

## Impact

In the `AuctionFacet`, the auction duration is used to calculate the auction price. If the auction duration is set to `0`, the auction price will be `0`. 

```solidity
    Ray decreasingFactor = timeSinceLiquidable >= loan.auction.duration
        ? ZERO
        : ONE.sub(timeSinceLiquidable.div(loan.auction.duration));

    uint256 estimatedValue = loan.lent.mul(ONE.div(loan.shareLent));

    return estimatedValue.mul(loan.auction.priceFactor).mul(decreasingFactor);
```

This means that lenders will not be reimbursed for their loans.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/AdminFacet.sol#L29-L34

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/AuctionFacet.sol#L31-L55

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

While I realize that an admin would not normally set the auction duration to `0`, it is still a good idea to enforce a minimum auction duration in addition to the other safeguards already in place.

This will prevent any accidental mis-configurations, reduce trust, and protect lenders against being left with no reimbursement, even in the case of ownership of the contract being compromised.
