carrot

medium

# Missing check on minimum `duration` for loan offers

## Summary
The contract does not check if the minimum `duration` in an offer is over any minimum threshold. This can let borrowers open liquidatable positions.
## Vulnerability Detail

When matching using the `borrow` function, each offer is used one by one through the `useOffer` function. This function however does not do enough checks on the offers. For instance, the `args.offer.duration` is never checked. This can be set to 0, and a position can be created to be immediately liquidatable, since the liquidation check only checks if `block.timestamp` < `loan.endDate`, and there are no checks on `loan.endDate`.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/AuctionFacet.sol#L80

Currently, the only way for lenders to nullify a lending signature is to set the approval of the token to 0. Borrowers can take advantage of a flashcrash and frontRun such an approval call with a borrow call, and immediately put it up for liquidation hoping the buy price drops below the loanToValue of the loan offer before the market recovers. Borrower can pair a self made loan offer with duration set to 0 to bypass the duration limit of the victim's offer.

## Impact
Instantly liquidatable loan positions
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/AuctionFacet.sol#L80
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Put a minimum threshold for duration.