Robert

medium

# Add Variable Limits to Admin Functions

## Summary
Although the admin is a trusted address, it should have limits on how much it can change different variables for user's protection. A damaging change may be malicious or an accident but is important regardless. setAuctionPriceFactor, for example, has a minimum because a lower price factor could damage the contract, and all of the other functions should as well.

Recommend limits on:
- setBorrowAmountPerOfferLowerBound
- setMinOfferCost
- createTranche
- setAuctionDuration

With the most important being setAuctionDuration and setMinOfferCost because those can be particularly damaging to users.

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Admin either maliciously or accidentally sets setMinOfferCost extremely high (for example $100,000) just before a loan comes through. Maybe because they mixed up tokens.
2. User has no way to avoid this if they're frontrun and is suddenly in the hole for that amount of money

Auction duration can be similar except either made very very short or very very long.

## Impact
Medium impact because it can fairly easily lead to loss of funds but requires admin to either be malicious or screw up.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
    function setMinOfferCost(IERC20 currency, uint256 newMinOfferCost) external onlyOwner {
        protocolStorage().minOfferCost[currency] = newMinOfferCost;
        emit NewMininimumOfferCost(currency, newMinOfferCost);
    }
```
Displays a lack of any limits on what the cost can be. It could also maybe be determined during the loan here based on the assets being lent: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/BorrowLogic/BorrowHandlers.sol#L180

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add restrictions on the mentioned admin functions. Potentially for things like setMinOfferCost and setBorrowAmountPerOfferLowerBound they may need restrictions within the function itself so that it has a general range of the minimum cost that may be appropriate for this token.