0xding99ya

medium

# checkedTransferFrom and checkedTransfer doesn't consider the fee-on-transfer token

## Summary
checkedTransferFrom and checkedTransfer in Erc20CheckedTransfer.sol doesn't consider the situation of a fee-on-transfer ERC20 token. This may cause some miscalculations.

## Vulnerability Detail
In Erc20CheckedTransfer.sol, checkedTransferFrom and checkedTransfer only check if the transfer succeeds and return true value. In some cases like fee-on-transfer ERC20 tokens, the transfer succeeds and return true value but the transferred amount is not desired because of the deduction of transfer fee. This can have an effect on borrow, while borrower expects to get the full value of LTV but will get only part of it after fee deduction. And during NFT liquidation it expects the price calculated but only receive part of it.

## Impact
Failing to handle the fee-on-transfer tokens can make the protocol not receive and send enough tokens.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/utils/Erc20CheckedTransfer.sol#L8-L20

library Erc20CheckedTransfer {
    function checkedTransferFrom(IERC20 currency, address from, address to, uint256 amount) internal {
        if (!currency.transferFrom(from, to, amount)) {
            revert ERC20TransferFailed(currency, from, to);
        }
    }

    function checkedTransfer(IERC20 currency, address to, uint256 amount) internal {
        if (!currency.transfer(to, amount)) {
            revert ERC20TransferFailed(currency, address(this), to);
        }
    }
}

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Check the token balance before transfer and after transfer to make sure the token received is accurate. 

For example, in AuctionFacet.sol, instead of using:
    loan.assetLent.checkedTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), toPay);

using:
    uint256 balanceBefore = loan.assetLent.balanceOf(address(this));
    loan.assetLent.checkedTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), toPay);
    uint256 balanceAfter = loan.assetLent.balanceOf(address(this));
    require(balanceAfter - balanceBefore == toPay);