peanuts

medium

# After liquidations, lender should still get their interest back instead of just the lent amount

## Summary

After liquidations, lender should still get their interest back instead of just the lent amount.

## Vulnerability Detail

After an NFT is liquidated, the lender can call ClaimFacet#claim to claim back their lent funds. They will be up so long as the liquidation amount is above the loanToValue rate. When calling claim, they will only claim back their lent funds, and not with interest. 

The function claim() has an if clause. If the loan is liquidated, then the function calls `sendShareOfSaleAsSupplier`

```solidity
            if (loan.payment.liquidated) {
                sentTemp = sendShareOfSaleAsSupplier(loan, provision);
            } else {
                if (loan.payment.paid == 0) {
                    revert LoanNotRepaidOrLiquidatedYet(loanId);
                }
                sentTemp = sendInterests(loan, provision);
            }
```

which calculates the portion of sent amount in relation to the NFT and sends the amount to the lender. 

```solidity
    function sendShareOfSaleAsSupplier(
        Loan storage loan,
        Provision storage provision
    ) internal returns (uint256 sent) {
        // in the case of a liqudidation, provision.share is considered the share of the NFT acquired by the lender
        sent = loan.payment.paid.mul(provision.share);
        loan.assetLent.checkedTransfer(msg.sender, sent);
    }
```

However, interest rate accumulated from the start of the loan to the end of the loan is not insured since the if clause skips over the `sendInterests()` function when a NFT is liquidated.

## Impact

After liquidations, lender get their raw lent amount. This disincentivizes lenders to lend money to borrowers because they don't really benefit should NFT go into liquidation. Even worse, if the NFT goes underwater (NFT amount goes to 0), the lenders do not even get their lent amount back. The interest rate is important because it incentivizes lenders to participate in the protocol

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/ClaimFacet.sol#L25-L40

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Recommend paying the total accumulated interest rate (probably up to the end of loan duration) to the lender as well. 