chainNue

medium

# Adversary can pollute supply loan offers without any ERC20 balance or transfer their balance before the offer is accepted

## Summary

Adversary can pollute supply loan offers without any ERC20 balance or transfer their balance before the offer is accepted

## Vulnerability Detail

Kairos model of lending and borrowing is, first lender create a loan offer, then if some borrower interested to borrow the offer, the borrower transfer NFT to Kairos, and lender transfer ERC20 token to borrower. This means, when lender create a loan offer, they don't have to send their ERC20 token to Kairos, which also means, anyone can offer X amount ERC20 token without needed to have the X amount in hand.

Creating a loan offer is `cheap`, and someone can just pollute the loan offers by creating spammy loan offers, where they don't have the exact amount of ERC20 token in the wallet.

More over if this adversary can `sandwich` their spammy loan offers with `legit` offer from other person, thus the Kairos protocol will get an unpleasant UX for real borrower.

scenario:
1. Alice is a legit lender, Bob is the adversary, Charlie is a legit borrower.
2. Ideally, a complete lend-borrow would be, Alice create loan offer for BAYC#1 for 10 WETH, and Charlie borrow from Alice's loan offer supplying BAYC#1 requesting 5 WETH. 
3. but, Bob, in the other hand, provide the same offer like Alice by using multiple wallets, (using scripts) but without the proposed balance. Or, Bob provide the balance, but he front-run if someone is trying to accept the offer, he transfer his balance to other wallet.
4. If Charlie get trapped into Bob's offers multiple times, it will make Charlie stop using Kairos because he think most offers are spams, meanwhile there is Alice which is a legit lender.

This scenario can be happen because the lender doesn't necessarily need to lock or provide their promised token. A common and normal lending and borrowing in DeFi is, lender provide their asset to protocol, and borrower send their collateral to protocol. 

## Impact

Legit borrower can't really get the loan offer they expect.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/BorrowLogic/BorrowHandlers.sol#L87-L88

```solidity
File: BorrowHandlers.sol
87:         // transferring the borrowed funds from the lender to the borrower
88:         collatState.assetLent.checkedTransferFrom(signer, collatState.from, arg.amount);
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

If not providing the exact amount of ERC20 token they promise to loan, the other way around to minimize this pollution is, lock lender's asset to contract for certain duration, or certain percentage of the offer they sign, and return the rest when the offer is used.