Go-langer

medium

# A control flow decision is made based on The block.timestamp environment variable.

## Summary
A control flow decision is made based on The block.timestamp environment variable.


## Vulnerability Detail
Someone i.e a validator can manipulate the block.timestamp variable in favour of themselves entering the auction.
If a malicious validator Manipulates the block.timestamp, 
the attacker can liquidate the loan before the loan.endDate.
The malicious actor could submit a bid for the collateral at a lower price than the fair market value 
due to the manipulated block.timestamp. By doing so, the actor could potentially win the auction 
and acquire the collateral for a lower price than what it is actually worth.

The malicious actor could submit a bid for the collateral at a higher price than the fair market value, 
but manipulate the block.timestamp to artificially extend the auction duration. 

```solidity
if (block.timestamp < loan.endDate) {
            revert CollateralIsNotLiquidableYet(loan.endDate, loanId);
        }
```

## Impact
By doing so, the actor could prevent other bidders from winning the auction 
and acquire the collateral at a higher price than it is actually worth.
The malicious actor could also enter the auction themselves and manipulate the block.timestamp to their advantage. 
They could do this by extending the auction duration or lowering the fair market value of the collateral to make it easier for them to win the auction.        
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-kairos/blob/main/kairos-contracts/src/AuctionFacet.sol#L77

## Tool used
Mythril
Vs Code

Manual Review

## Recommendation

For example, the smart contract could use a Chainlink oracle to obtain the current time instead of relying 
on the block.timestamp. 
This would make it more difficult for an attacker to manipulate the time 
since they would need to compromise both the blockchain protocol and the Chainlink oracle.

The other option is to introduce this refactored code to the useLoan function.

    ```require(block.number >= loan.liquidationBlockNumber + 20, "Not enough time has passed");```


```solidity
function useLoan(BuyArg memory arg) internal {
        Loan storage loan = protocolStorage().loan[arg.loanId];

            require(block.number >= loan.liquidationBlockNumber + 20, "Not enough time has passed");


        checkLoanStatus(arg.loanId);
        uint256 toPay = price(arg.loanId);

        /* store as liquidated and paid before transfers to avoid malicious reentrency, following
        checks-effects-interaction pattern */
        loan.payment.liquidated = true;
        loan.payment.paid = toPay;
        loan.assetLent.checkedTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), toPay);
        loan.collateral.implem.safeTransferFrom(address(this), arg.to, loan.collateral.id);

        emit Buy(arg.loanId, abi.encode(arg));
    }
```
